h1. A Twitter Search for Node.js

A Twitter Search using a very light-weight jQuery version running on Node.js (http://nodejs.org)

h2. Example

<p>You will see an output like:</p>

<pre class="console">
	Results 1 - 15 for nodejs. (0.030064 seconds)
	@jacek_becela [  #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861 /via @ryah  ]
	@metapandava [  Hmm. http://nodejs.org/ + http://jsclass.jcoglan.com/ = a match made in heaven? Or me clinging too tightly to the familiar?  ]
	@ciaran_j [  RT @ryah: #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861  ]
	@vlahupetar [  RT @ryah: #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861  ]
	@elbartus [  RT @ryah: #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861  ]
	@streetofmysoul [  Node.JS is cool http://nodejs.org/  ]
	@dloss [  RT @hugs: &quot;JavaScript: It’s Not Just for Browsers Any More&quot; #nodejs #pragpub http://bit.ly/96xUjC  ]
	@kusor [  RT @ryah: #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861  ]
	@Joshua_C [  It would be interesting to build a 'no dependence plugin' with nodejs http://s3.amazonaws.com/four.livejournal/20091117/jsconf.pdf #nodejs  ]
	@alexbepple [  RT @zoftie: #nodejs has gotten its own package management system now! #kiwi. #nodejs going to be the next big thing, #imo  ]
	@woongy [  node.js: an evented I/O for V8 javascript. http://nodejs.org/jsconf.pdf  ]
	@bengl [  RT @ryah #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://bit.ly/b0xDMe  ]
	@raycmorgan [  #nodejs v0.1.31 released without huge API changes. http://groups.google.com/group/nodejs/msg/f9f789948577e861 (via @ryah)  ]
	@tjholowaychuk [  hopes slicehost will sponsor the #kiwi nodejs package manager server  ]
	@alrayyes [  NodeJs, I'm lovin it! #nodejs  ]
</pre>

Now you can run @node ./test.js@
